In this section of map and set, we are discussing this set.
There are three related questions to this topic.
The set collection or data structure does not have keys.
It has only values and that two unique values.
So if you add the same or duplicate value, it is ignored.
In simple words, it means you will have unique or non-repeating values only to add values to a set.
You can use the add method.
It also has the size property to check the count of values.
I will create let.
Names is equal to a new set.
I'm using the ad method now, so I'll say ad.
First.
Let's see.
Second.
Ter So there are four values.
I'll add this first again as well, just to see that it maintains the unique value collection.
Now I'm going to console.log.
And will display names.
Let's run this, I'll say.
Nor suggests.
Actually, we have added four values.
But if you see the output, there are only three values displayed.
Let's also try the size as well.
So I'll say console.log based ID and name start size.
So there are only three values added to this names set.
So this is the unique collection of values, the way we have used the ad method.
You can also pass and add in the constructor.
Let me just comment this for the moment.
Now here I am going to pass, let's say first.
Second and third.
So this is also the correct way to assign values to a set.
So still it has three values.
And of course the size is also three.
Even if you try another value here, that will also be ignored.
So you'll always have a unique value.
Collection set is also a table and you can put a far off directly on set collection for each can also
be used to look through the collection.
Let's check both ways.
First of all, I'll begin with far off.
So now we are back to the original code we had earlier.
All right, so I want to loop through this collection.
So I'm going to put a far loop here, I'll say for let value of names.
And we display the value we.
So when you look through it, right, it is placed first, second and third.
Now, let's also remove this as it is not needed.
Now you know that it contains the unique values only.
In?
Mapp We have seen that we had values method.
Let's try the same method here and see what happens.
Anyway because we wrote names, we got the values because here we don't have key and value collection.
Correct?
But here, if you use values matter, then what happens?
Let's see this.
It still displays the values.
Even this does not have keys.
But if you try the keys method here, that will also give you the output and it will be values only.
Not only this, even if you use the entries method with a set.
It's also possible.
If I run this, I'm going to get values in value and keep art as well.
So key and value, if you consider both are values only.
Now why these matters are needed anyway with said actually they are not needed, but just to make it
compatible with map mattered.
You see the same matters applied with asset as well.
Otherwise values, keys or entries, they are of no use as such.
In fact, the way we use for each year.
Let's try that now.
Now you know that.
How to loop through the set.
Let's try for each.
So I'll say names.
Not for each.
And now the callback function.
You see this parameter, the tooltip displayed here sees that value.
Value to it doesn't display key.
And even the last one is the set.
So the callback function we have here, here I'm going to say value one, comma, value two and a set.
These two values are going to be the same, only it doesn't make any difference at all.
So let's try that.
I'll save even calamari.
Two They are going to be same because we don't have keys here.
We just have values in the set collection.
You see this?
They both have first, first and second and third.
Third.
So key has no significance as such, but everywhere just to make it compatible with the regular flow
of map or maybe other variations of data structures like you and Adam has for each right, which has
three parameters like this where key value and the ad itself we already have with Adi.
So just to make it compatible set does have all those things.
But in case of KI also you are going to get the value only as long as values removal is concern.
Set also has delete, which takes value to be removed and clear, which completely removes the values.
So let's try here.
Now I'm going to try console.log.
First I'm going to display names.
What is the value?
You can check with size also, but that's okay.
Names dot.
I'll say delete.
Why do you want to delete is let's say I want to delete first.
Again, I'll display the set.
Now if you run.
You have this first set where there are three values and in the second case, we have just two lose
here right now.
Instead of this, if you simply say clear, there is no parameter you have to pass here in the clear.
Let's run this so you can make out that clear will remove all the values.
So now let's discuss related questions of this topic.
What is the difference between map and set?
So map has key and value and set has only values.
And at the same time it's a unique collection.
So the values are not repeated.
Even if you insert a value which is duplicate, that is going to be ignored in set, which doesn't happen
with any other collection in JavaScript.
The second question is how will you remove a specific value from set?
So to remove a specific value, you use the delete.
Like this one here.
We tried first so it removed only that value.
Remember, in case if this value is not found, it's not going to give you any error.
So this is how you remove a specific value from a set.
The third question is what will entries method with set will return?
So we have seen that here.
When we say for loop and the entries method, both the key and value are going to be the value only
because it doesn't have key in the set collection.